Update tailscale guide to ref tailscale-systemd package (#22)
Eeems-Org/remarkable.guide: src/tech/tailscale.rst

You'll need ``tailscale`` and ``tailscaled``, which are both available on Entware through Toltec in the ``tailscale`` package.
Get it with ``opkg install tailscale``.
You can also configure tailscale to automatically run via SystemD. This is available via the ``tailscale-systemd`` package.
Get it with ``opkg install tailscale-systemd``.

> Since you're working on a device that doesn't support ``tun``, tailscale is configured to use userspace networking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the default kernel does not contain the ``tun`` module, tailscale is configured to use userspace networking.
```

reMarkable ships with Dropbear for SSH, which doesn't support anything like SOCKS proxying.
You'll need to install OpenSSH's client instead. Get it through Toltec with ``opkg install openssh-client``.

Tailscale has a basic built in "nc" which tunnels traffic over the tailnet.

The recommended way to configure this is via OpenSSH's `config files <https://www.ssh.com/academy/ssh/config#format-of-ssh-client-config-file-ssh_config>`_:

.. code-block:: console

>   Host friendly-name
>     User user
>     HostName some-host.example.com
>     Port 1234
>     ProxyCommand /opt/bin/tailscale nc %h %p

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Host myalias
    User myuser
    HostName my.host.name
    Port 1234
    ProxyCommand /opt/bin/tailscale nc %h %p
```
